README.md, before:

# codeQuiz

## Purpose and Functionality

This site provides the user with a quiz on coding concepts. The quiz is timed and upon completing the quiz the user is able to save their score to a high score list.

## Key Learnings

- Use of Web API to dynamically display content.
  - Adding event listeners for clicks at various elements
  - Use of HTML forms to gather user inputs
    - Validation on forms to ensure that only acceptable inputs are provided by the user
  - Use of setInterval to execute functions on a predefined frequency
- Animation creation in CSS
  - generation of custom animations
  - adding animations dynamically using Web API

## Deployed Site

The deployed site is hosted on github pages at the following link:

https://aavillanueva6.github.io/codeQuiz/

## Screenshots

- The first image
- The second image

![screenshot of the script.js file]()

![screenshot of the deployed site]()

## Known Bugs

- Initials submission form is not validated to only accept one to three character inputs
- something isn't working correctly with the local storage. Occasionally deletes the highscore list when it shouldn't/

## Potential future improvements

- change storage of high scores from session to local

Commit message:

adds functionality to limit highscore list to ten items

README.md, after:

# codeQuiz

## Purpose and Functionality

This site provides the user with a quiz on coding concepts. The quiz is timed and upon completing the quiz the user is able to save their score to a high score list.

## Key Learnings

- Use of Web API to dynamically display content.
  - Adding event listeners for clicks at various elements
  - Use of HTML forms to gather user inputs
    - Validation on forms to ensure that only acceptable inputs are provided by the user
  - Use of setInterval to execute functions on a predefined frequency
- Animation creation in CSS
  - generation of custom animations
  - adding animations dynamically using Web API
- Use of local storage for tracking data across page refreshes
  - high score list is an array. It is stored in and retrieved from localStorage using JSON.

## Deployed Site

The deployed site is hosted on github pages at the following link:

https://aavillanueva6.github.io/codeQuiz/

## Screenshots

- The first image
- The second image

![screenshot of the script.js file]()

![screenshot of the deployed site]()

## Known Bugs

- Initials submission form is not validated to only accept one to three character inputs

## Potential future improvements
